## Why Turnabout Trump Is My Favourite Ace Attorney Case Of All Time 
**SPOILERS AHEAD FOR APOLLO JUSTICE: ACE ATTORNEY (AND THE ACE ATTORNEY SERIES AS A WHOLE)!!!!**

Ace Attorney is a well known visual novel franchise developed by Capcom, and Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney is its fourth entry. The games in the franchise are visual novel adventure games where the player controls defence attorneys who defend their clients in numerous chapters called turnabouts. The gameplay for most cases includes an investigation section(which is usually skipped for the first case of each game) where you get to investigate the crime scene for clues and talk to witnesses to extract as much information as you can before the trial section, where you must defend your client by cross examining witnesses, presenting evidence and making counter arguements. For the first trilogy in the main series, you play as rookie attorney Phoenix Wright, and follow his journey as he defends his clients against a broken justice system and corrupt prosecutors. 

Although going through the first three games is crucial to understand the setting, context and character development for AJ:AA, the main takeaway is that Phoenix ultimately is portrayed as the epitome of truth and justice. He has full faith in his clients' innocence and he strives to find the true culprit, no matter the cost or the consequence instead of focusing just on a not guilty verdict. By the end of the trilogy, he seems to have a promising career in the legal world, with ample experience from taking down heavyweight prosecutors and influential criminals. It is only fitting that one would expect for him to become a skilled veteran attorney training rookies under his guidance and principles.

But then, everything changed. Everything has come crashing down by the time you finish just the first case of AJ:AA, Turnabout Trump. I'll now go through this case in somewhat detail and explain why I consider it to my favourite case of the entire franchise.
